Stop bragging
What about the Dizun Hall?
Do you think you are the owner of the Dizun Hall?
That's one of the largest publicly traded companies in the world
He can make me a clerk
I'm already satisfied
You still don't believe it
Just wait.
Then you will know
Okay, okay, don't be angry anymore, oh yes.
I'm going to save my sister
Come on, my trick is to lure snakes out of their holes
Hahaha
Is it often you?
I don't want it, Chang Chang.
Don't play such a joke with me, okay?
I see.
We've reached the point where we can talk about marriage
But now.
I'm really not in the mood to play this game with you.
Something happened at my house. Don't you know?
Hahaha